st2 [1982][ADD] purchase_order_price_unchange: remove quantity change trigger (#188)
rfhk/cip-customization: purchase_order_price_unchange/readme/DESCRIPTION.rst

> This module makes PO line qty change should not trigger price update.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module removes the quantity change trigger from the _onchange_quantity() method on the purchase order line, so that the quantity change does not wipe out the current price value.
```

Author: Thank you.
I changed description and regenerated readme files.
